feat(ios): Default to consuming sentry-cocoa as an xcframework (#6381)
getsentry/sentry-react-native: CHANGELOG.md

### Changes

- Default `mobileReplayIntegration({ networkCaptureBodies })` to `true`, matching the iOS and Android native SDK defaults ([#6372](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/6372))

> - Consume `sentry-cocoa` via Swift Package Manager by default on React Native >= 0.75 ([#5780](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/issues/5780))

Reviewer: nit: Let's add the PR here

```suggestion
- Consume `sentry-cocoa` via Swift Package Manager by default on React Native >= 0.75 ([#5780](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/6381))
```

>   On RN 0.75+, `pod install` now pulls Sentry as a pre-built binary xcframework through the SPM helper exposed by `react_native_pods.rb`, instead of building Sentry from source as a CocoaPod. On older React Native versions the SPM helper is unavailable and RNSentry transparently falls back to the CocoaPods source build. Override with `SENTRY_USE_SPM=0` to force CocoaPods, or `SENTRY_USE_SPM=1` to require SPM.

Reviewer: I was thinking that we could highlight that this might be a breaking change for some users and suggest the solution. E.g.
```suggestion
  On RN 0.75+, `pod install` now pulls Sentry as a pre-built binary xcframework, instead of building Sentry from source as a CocoaPod. If your iOS build breaks after upgrading (e.g. when another pod also depends on the `Sentry` CocoaPod), set `SENTRY_USE_SPM=0` before `pod install` to restore the previous behavior.
```

Author: Changed it a bit.
